feat(docs): Add Chinese Localization Update for Tact (#942)
tact-lang/tact: CHANGELOG.md

- Ability to specify a compile-time method ID expression for getters: PR [#922](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/922) and PR [#932](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/932)
- Destructuring of structs and messages: PR [#856](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/856)
- Docs: automatic links to Web IDE from all code blocks: PR [#994](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/994)

> - Docs: Added Chinese translation of the documentation: PR [#942](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/942)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Docs: initial semi-automated Chinese translation of the documentation: PR [#942](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/942)
```

Author: done :D
